Update the README now we have our first release (#63)
strimzi/kafka-access-operator: packaging/helm-charts/helm3/strimzi-access-operator/README.md

## Running the Access Operator

For the operator to start successfully you need the Strimzi `Kafka` and `KafkaUser` custom resource definitions installed in your Kubernetes cluster.
You can get these from the Strimzi [GitHub repository](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/tree/main/install/cluster-operator),
or use the [Strimzi quickstart guide](https://strimzi.io/quickstarts/) to also deploy the Strimzi cluster operator and a Kafka instance at the same time.

### Installing the Chart

> To install the chart with the release name `my-strimzi-drain-cleaner`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the chart with the release name `my-strimzi-access-operator`:
```

Author: Good spot!
